README: add a link to the wiki (#352)
ifreund/river: README.md

For complete documentation see the `river(1)`, `riverctl(1)`, and
`rivertile(1)` man pages.

> You should also read the [FAQ](https://github.com/ifreund/river/wiki#faq)
> in the wiki for common issues and have a look at the [recommended
> software](https://github.com/ifreund/river/wiki/Recommended-Software)
> list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a supplement to the man pages, see also the [FAQ](https://github.com/ifreund/river/wiki#faq)
in the wiki for common issues and have a look at the [recommended
software](https://github.com/ifreund/river/wiki/Recommended-Software).
```
